Honey, I have to go to the office.
Wait for me to come back
Drive safely
Xiaoqi
It disappears for an hour or two every day recently.
So suspicious
Help me check his whereabouts
The host Blackheart Pool is now injecting itself every day with a potion that can cause temporary memory loss
During this time, the Black Star Pool will forget the host, you.
Is this the true love of eating and drinking to me? The pool has been kept at 99.
So far it seems yes
Stephen Chow will forget your host for a period of time every day
So that true love doesn't overflow
The mission is not over
You won't leave
He's fighting the space system
But why?
The side effects of this medicine are very large
He's destroying himself.
Baby
How did you get out?
Outside
You should have told me earlier
We face it together
I knew I couldn't hide it from you for long
But I do this.
There's a reason I have to do it
Can you stop persuading me?
I won't stop you
You don't even ask me why
Whatever you want to do
I support you.
Which of these three worlds do you like best?
I like you.
Guess Her Majesty the Queen
The current task difficulty coefficient cannot stimulate His Highness' large-scale deep-level fluctuations
It is not conducive to His Highness waking up
Do you want to increase the difficulty of the task?
The next world increases the difficulty of the task
No matter what
Your Highness must wake up